how do you do ladies and gentlemen this
is my regular blog I want to talk to you
today about Mayor Bloomberg one of the
great frauds of all time a man who has
no conscience whatsoever about how he
lies day I used to pick up Barack Obama
a lot and I used to call him a liar and
he certainly was and he lied about all
those things I told you about everybody
stopped picking on him because he's
black it's a black issue only morons and
idiots would say it has something to do
it black I don't know any color lines or
religious lines right now I'm not
picking on Barack Obama god bless him
he's the president and until he does
something wrong I only wish him the best
and I hope he's a good the greatest
president that ever lived but let me
tell you about Bloomberg this man is not
black I don't feel right about it
Bloomberg is a Jewish name and the
chances are his Jewish although if he's
not talking about any lies about this
it's the only thing he's not lying about
because otherwise he's a corrupt fraud
who has the image of an honest wonderful
person because he's so rich and he's
knocking himself out for the city this
man was knocking himself out for the
city there's just an item in the paper
today that he's riding around in a car
that he's supposed to pay back the
expenses of that car to the city and for
the two and a half years now it hasn't
paid back up plenty on the expenses of
that car and he uses that car for every
personal reason in the world but he's
too cheap to even pay back for the car
that's how low he is and this is the man
who supposedly sacrificing himself for
the city this man has no conscience he
has no concern for the average worker
for the average for the average person
in this city he has no conscience even
about children the children were swept
in the schools
this past summer when there was a heat
wave that was unbearable and when he
told them why don't we have any air
conditioning in the schools you know
what he said well when I was a kid there
was no air conditioning gaiter if I
could live without air conditioning why
can these kids what a filthy disgusting
pathetically ugly thing to say not the
sons more crude selfish and that
sadistic could you picture yourself
saying that about children that they
should sweat like pigs because this
lowlife once sweated when he was a kid
when he was a kid there was no elevators
does he walk up the stairs when he has
to go 30 floors there was no shoes maybe
but he was a kid it seemed walk around
barefoot there was no cars there was no
cars does he walk everyplace
this lowlife he was on television
campaigning into let's be honest about
when he was a kid there was no
television so why does he go from house
to house begging people to vote fair
there's no conscience at all in this man
this is a sickening human being you know
what every cop tells me on the beat they
look around for 20 minutes before they
tell it to me yes time I see in the
paper that crime went down a lot and
almost every category and the every
single cop I said it to without fail
because they recognized me and they know
I'll keep my mouth shut you know what
they say to me it's the biggest lie ever
told
they said the felonies are now reduced
to misdemeanors other kinds of crimes
are not are avoided completely and all
of a sudden these figures are juggled
and maneuvered and let me figure you see
about crime in New York is a fraud and a
lie and even with all the lies murder
and felonies have still gone up in the
city of New York this man are lies about
everything he does he's so corrupt and
he based off the whole city council
everybody knows that he created a fake
fund which is not more than corruption
and payoff of the City Council of the
city of New York if somebody else did it
they'd be in jail for the rest of their
lives
so you know what he did he gave it a
title a special Zoli refund for the city
councilman without the auxiliary fund
when he wants to buy their votes he
created a fund for them so they could
all live in the lap of luxury and waste
money for absolutely nothing that has
nothing to do with the city and all of a
sudden each one is allocated two million
five million ten million and the most
important members of a council maybe 15
or 20 million so they can't live so they
could live like kings on the of your
taxpayers money from this billionaire
who's why twenty billion dollars using
you the workers of New York to pay for
his corruption to be off the City
Council to vote further and this mint
swirl banished by his life that he would
never ask for a third time because a
third time was almost completely
rejected by the voters they rejected
there was a time limit it was a
referendum taken twice onto time limits
and it was really it was verified both
times by the people of the city of New
York so he decided that just because
your vote for it is not important just
because that's the essence of democracy
to get the vote of the people doesn't
mean you have to respect it he has a
ridiculous ship for billionaires and you
know what this dictatorship says that
what you vote doesn't come to me they
could get the City Council
Tovah taenia volt imagine that if you
peso Lord this country and the Lord
doesn't count you take a vote from the
country and the country doesn't count
nothing counts except for some crooked
operation that they developed in the
city of New York if this was happening
in a foreign country they would say it's
a third world dictatorship and it would
be in front of the United Nations staff
the answer for the corruption of that
government and everybody would try to
disown them would destroy them there
were these sanctions against them and
they would be wiped out
but this phony fraudulent sickening
billionaire you know what he does feist
he tells you when they voted against the
territory with two referendums he said
that's the essence of democracy and you
have to respect it and at first he said
that whoever were trying to overturn it
all by himself or to a City Council
would be a disgusting character that's
what he said himself he called that an
anti-democratic move that's inexcusable
that's disgusting that's abominable he
couldn't find enough whites turquoise
people who would even think of it until
he decided and the hell would it took
cares what I said before I feel like
taking a third time I'm not that busy
where else am I gonna go with all my
money who's gonna borrow it with me if
I'm not a mayor Who am I gonna get all
my year Khomeini out of my system how am
I gonna get the attention of a whole
country I got a good idea
forget about the mock receive forget
what I said and forget what anything
means and forget the people who forget
the waking have people of America in New
York or the city nobody counts nothing
counts except of one thing one thing
that counts that counts that he has no
conscience
he has no decency he has no character he
has no loyalty to anybody has no
compassion for anybody anybody who could
say kids could could freeze or burn or
die and they mean nothing to him doesn't
have a conscience about it about
anything else in the world this is the
lowest Pig that ever lived
forget about anything I said about
anybody else they mean nothing compared
to this this is a pig of the lowest kind
I hope he passes away by Thursday